Add i18n documentation (#4455)
wordpress-mobile/gutenberg-mobile: README.md

*Example:*
```
import { getTranslation as getJetpackTranslation } from './i18n-translations/jetpack';
...

const pluginTranslations = [
	{
		domain: 'jetpack',
		getTranslation: getJetpackTranslation,
	},
	...
];
```

## Caveats
- Strings that are only used in the native version, and reference a [context](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/internationalization/how-to-internationalize-your-plugin/#disambiguation-by-context), won't be included in the localization strings files hence, they won't be translated. This is a limitation in the format of the localization strings files.
- Localization strings files don’t support domains, so the strings extracted from plugins that are only used in the native version, will be unified in the same file, which might involve string conflicts.

## Troubleshooting

### A string is missing the translation
This can be produced by several causes, check the following steps in order to identify the source:
- Verify that the string uses the `__` i18n function or similar ([reference](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/trunk/packages/i18n/README.md)).

> - Verify warnings in the output when running `i18n:update` NPM command, especially the following ones:

Reviewer: Something like "Check here" reads better to me than "Verify". This is definitely not a big deal at all, so feel free to leave it as-is if you prefer.

```suggestion
- Check for warnings in the output when running `i18n:update` NPM command, especially the following ones:
```

Author: Thanks @mchowning for the suggestion, I've just applied it in https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/gutenberg-mobile/pull/4455/commits/62970b52b835f41b5cc5c91b42876bed07b4a552.

  - Parsing files issues (i.e. `Debug (make-pot): Could not parse file <FILE>`)

>   - Missing strings on translation files (i.e. `WARNING: The following strings are missing from translations:`)

Reviewer: Replace "on" with "in"?
```suggestion
  - Missing strings in translation files (i.e. `WARNING: The following strings are missing from translations:`)
```

Author: Thanks @mchowning for the suggestion, I've just applied it in https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/gutenberg-mobile/pull/4455/commits/65c2402026ab42e98dbdaeda2f8009d6b6f0267d.
